## Meeting on 9/21/2021, 12:00 P.M. – All members present

* Discussing what sensors would be best.
* We decided to move the Tuesday meeting 30 minutes later to make it easier for everyone to get to.
* Determined what meeting time would be best for meeting with the client.

## Meeting on 9/24/2021, 2:00 P.M. - All members present

* Discussed potential alternatives to using sensors, perhaps cameras combined with some form of machine learning.
* Beginning work on SRS.

## Meeting on 9/28/2021, 12:00 P.M. - All members present

* Discussed using cameras instead of sensors.
* Worked on the SRS.
* Sent an email to the client to ask about using cameras instead of sensors.
* Decided to cancel our client meeting on Thursday and move our team meeting to Thursday since we have Friday off.

## Meeting on 9/30/2021, 12:00 P.M. - All members present

* Created and assigned all of our issues on Github for our first week

## Meeting on 10/5/2021, 12:00 P.M. - All members present

* Finished our SRS and Design document.
* Checked over Github issues.

## Meeting on 10/8/2021, 2:00 P.M. - All members present

* Discussed progress of sprint 1 issues.
* Discussed possible sensor orientation/setup.

## Meeting on 10/12/2021, 12:00 P.M. - All members present

* DM: Finished issue #2 (creating website version of the app)
* DM: Planning on working on issue #8 and #9
* QA: Finished issue #3 (research iOS app)
* QA: Working on issue #7 (work on creating database) and #10 (work on saving and loading database) next
* RM: Finished issue #4 (research creating android app)
* RM: Working on issue #6 (create a basic gui for room list) and issue #12 (create gui option for favoriting room)
* TL: Finished issue #1
* TL: Working on #5 (create basic classes) and issue #11 (get sensor communicating with app)

## Meeting on 10/15/2021, 2:00 P.M. - All members present

* DM: Worked on issue #8 and #9.
* DM: Finishing issue #8 and #9 over the weekend
* QA: Finished issue #7 (work on creating database)
* QA: Working on issue #10 (work on saving and loading database) over the weekend
* RM: Worked on issue #6 (create a basic gui for room list) and issue #12 (create gui option for favoriting room)
* RM: Finishing issue #6 (create a basic gui for room list) and issue #12 (create gui option for favoriting room) over the weekend
* TL: Worked on issues #5 and #11, need more time to finish.
* TL: Finishing #5 and #11 over the weekend
* All: Working on presentation and demo

## Meeting on 9/21/2021, 12:00 P.M. – All members present

* Discussing what sensors would be best.
* We decided to move the Tuesday meeting 30 minutes later to make it easier for everyone to get to.
* Determined what meeting time would be best for meeting with the client.

## Meeting on 9/24/2021, 2:00 P.M. - All members present

* Discussed potential alternatives to using sensors, perhaps cameras combined with some form of machine learning.
* Beginning work on SRS.

## Meeting on 9/28/2021, 12:00 P.M. - All members present

* Discussed using cameras instead of sensors.
* Worked on the SRS.
* Sent an email to the client to ask about using cameras instead of sensors.
* Decided to cancel our client meeting on Thursday and move our team meeting to Thursday since we have Friday off.

## Meeting on 9/30/2021, 12:00 P.M. - All members present

* Created and assigned all of our issues on Github for our first week

## Meeting on 10/5/2021, 12:00 P.M. - All members present

* Finished our SRS and Design document.
* Checked over Github issues.

## Meeting on 10/8/2021, 2:00 P.M. - All members present

* Discussed progress of sprint 1 issues.
* Discussed possible sensor orientation/setup.

## Meeting on 10/12/2021, 12:00 P.M. - All members present

* DM: Finished issue #2 (creating website version of the app)
* DM: Planning on working on issue #8 and #9
* QA: Finished issue #3 (research iOS app)
* QA: Working on issue #7 (work on creating database) and #10 (work on saving and loading database) next
* RM: Finished issue #4 (research creating android app)
* RM: Working on issue #6 (create a basic gui for room list) and issue #12 (create gui option for favoriting room)
* TL: Finished issue #1
* TL: Working on #5 (create basic classes) and issue #11 (get sensor communicating with app)

## Meeting on 10/15/2021, 2:00 P.M. - All members present

* DM: Worked on issue #8 and #9.
* DM: Finishing issue #8 and #9 over the weekend
* QA: Finished issue #7 (work on creating database)
* QA: Working on issue #10 (work on saving and loading database) over the weekend
* RM: Worked on issue #6 (create a basic gui for room list) and issue #12 (create gui option for favoriting room)
* RM: Finishing issue #6 (create a basic gui for room list) and issue #12 (create gui option for favoriting room) over the weekend
* TL: Worked on issues #5 and #11, need more time to finish.
* TL: Finishing #5 and #11 over the weekend
* All: Working on presentation and demo

## Meeting on 10/18/2021, 6:00 P.M. - All members present

* DM: Finished issues #8 and #9 over the weekend
* DM: Working on issue #17 (google authentication)
* QA: Finished issue #10 (work on saving and loading database) over the weekend
* QA: Working on issue #24 (admin functionality for adding / removing rooms)
* RM: Finished issue #6 (create a basic gui for room list) and issue #12 (create gui option for favoriting room) over the weekend
* RM: Working on issue #21 (convert website to android app)
* TL: Finished #5 and #11 over the weekend
* TL: Working on #16 (setting up a web server)


## Meeting on 10/21/2021, 12:30 P.M. - All members present

* DM: Worked on issue #17 (google authentication)
* DM: Still working on issue #17 (google authentication)
* QA: Worked on issue #24 (admin functionality for adding / removing rooms)
* QA: Still working on issue #24 (admin functionality for adding / removing rooms)
* RM: Worked on issue #21 (convert website to android app)
* RM: Still working on issue #21 (convert website to android app)
* TL: Worked on #16 (setting up a web server)
* TL: Still working on #16 (setting up a web server)

## Meeting on 10/26/2021, 12:30 P.M. - All members present

* DM: Worked on issue #17 (google authentication) and issue #14 (work on css and design)
* DM: Still working on issue #17 (google authentication) and issue #14 (work on css and design)
* QA: Finished on issue #24 (admin functionality for adding / removing rooms)
* QA: Working on issue #20 (display favorite rooms separately)
* RM: Finished issue #21 (convert website to android app)
* RM: Working on issue #23 (add option to sort table)
* TL: Worked on #16 (setting up a web server)
* TL: Still working on #16 (setting up a web server)

## Meeting on 10/29/2021, 2:00 P.M. - All members present

* DM: Worked on issue #17 (google authentication)
* DM: Finished issue #14 (work on css and design)
* DM: Still working on issue #17 (google authentication) and issue #18 (sending an email to the user)
* QA: Working on issue #20 (display favorite rooms separately) and issue #19 (convert website to iOS app)
* RM: Working on issue #23 (implement table sorting)
* TL: Finished issue #16 (setting up a web server)
* TL: Added more info to the readme
* TL: Working on issue #22 (use information from the sensor to update database) and #15 (make program that reads data from sensor)

## Meeting on 11/1/2021, 6:00 P.M. - All members present

* DM: Finished issue #17 (google authentication) and issue #18 (sending an email to the user)
* DM: Working on issue #31 (improving design and formatting of table) and #38 (add settings page and dark mode)
* QA: Finished issue #20 (display favorite rooms separately) and issue #19 (convert website to iOS app)
* QA: Working on issue #33 (create database for rooms and user favorites in firebase) and #35 (loading user favorites database and displaying it)
* RM: Finished issue #23 (implement table sorting)
* RM: Working on issue #46 (implement loading admin status from database)
* TL: Finished issue #22 (use information from the sensor to update database) and #15 (make program that reads data from sensor)
* TL: Working on issue #40 (add new column with room info and new column for capacity)

## Meeting on 11/5/2021, 2:00 P.M. - All members present

* DM: Working on issue #31 (improving design and formatting of table) and #38 (add settings page and dark mode)
* QA: Working on issue #33 (create database for rooms and user favorites in firebase) and #35 (loading user favorites database and displaying it)
* RM: Working on issue #46 (implement loading admin status from database)
* TL: Working on issue #40 (add new column with room info and new column for capacity)


## Meeting on 11/9/2021, 12:30 P.M. - All members present

* DM: Working on issue #31 (improving design and formatting of table) and #38 (add settings page and dark mode)
* QA: Finished issue #33 (create database for rooms and user favorites in firebase) and #34 (loading room database and displaying it)
* QA: Working on #35 (loading user favorites database and displaying it)
* RM: Working on issue #46 (implement loading admin status from database)
* TL: Working on issue #40 (add new column with room info and new column for capacity)

## Meeting on 11/12/2021, 2:00 P.M. - All members present

* DM: Finished issue #31 (improving design and formatting of table)
* DM: Working on issue #38 (add settings page and dark mode)
* QA: Working on #35 (loading user favorites database and displaying it)
* RM: Finished issue #42 (make app more mobile friendly)
* RM: Working on issue #46 (implement loading admin status from database)
* TL: Finished issue #47 (implement functionality for adding and removing rooms as admin)
* TL: Working on issue #40 (add new column with room info and new column for capacity)

## Meeting on 11/16/2021, 12:30 P.M. - All members present

* DM: Working on issue #38 (add settings page and dark mode)
* QA: Working on #35 (loading user favorites database and displaying it)
* RM: Working on issue #46 (implement loading admin status from database)
* TL: Working on issue #40 (add new column with room info and new column for capacity)

## Meeting on 11/19/2021, 2:00 P.M. - All members present

* DM: Working on issue #38 (add settings page and dark mode)
* QA: Working on #35 (loading user favorites database and displaying it)
* RM: Working on issue #46 (implement loading admin status from database)
* TL: Working on issue #40 (add new column with room info and new column for capacity)

## Meeting on 11/22/2021, 10:00 A.M. - All members present

* DM: Working on issue #38 (add settings page and dark mode)
* QA: Finished issue #35 (loading user favorites database and displaying it)
* QA: Working on issue #32 (link header buttons to real pages)
* RM: Working on issue #46 (implement loading admin status from database)
* TL: Finished issue #40 (add new column with room info and new column for capacity)
* TL: Working on issue #45 (improve formatting on mobile website)

## Meeting on 11/29/2021, 6:00 P.M. - All members present

* DM: Finished issue #38 (add settings page and dark mode)
* DM: Working on issue #39 (implement option for getting a message when room is available)
* QA: Finished issue #32 (link header buttons to real pages) and issue #36 (make the favorite button functional)
* RM: Finished issue #37 (convert sprint 2 changes to mobile version) and issue #42 (make the app more mobile friendly), issue #46 (implement loading admin status from database)
* TL: Working on issue #41 (figure out how many sensors to use in a room) and issue #45 (improve formatting on mobile website)

## Meeting on 1/11/2022, 12:30 P.M. - All members present

* Determined issues for next sprint
* Schedule meeting with client
* Schedule weekly meetings for the future

## Meeting on 1/18/2022, 12:00 P.M. - All members present

* TL: Working on issue #71 (make favorites page update)
* DM: Working on issue #52 (users are able to sign in without verifying email) and issue #56 (update password checking)
* RM: Working on issue #75 (favorites bug)
* QA: Working on issue #77 (make favorites page home page)

## Meeting on 1/21/2022, 12:00 P.M. - All members present

* TL: Working on issue #71 (make favorites page update)
* DM: Working on issue #52 (users are able to sign in without verifying email) and issue #56 (update password checking)
* RM: Working on issue #75 (favorites bug)
* QA: Finished issue #57 (make sure display name is being saved)
* QA: Working on issue #77 (make favorites page home page)

## Meeting on 1/25/2022, 12:00 P.M. - All members present

* TL: Finished issue #71 (make favorites page update)
* TL: Working on issue #58 (make website use https)
* DM: Finished issue #52 (users are able to sign in without verifying email)
* DM: Working on issue #56 (update password checking)
* RM: Working on issue #75 (favorites bug)
* QA: Finished issue #77 (make favorites page home page)
* QA: Working on issue #66 (make favorite button light up)


## Meeting on 1/28/2022, 12:00 P.M. - All members present

* TL: Finished issue #58 (make website use https)
* TL: Working on issue #41 (figure out how many sensors to use)
* DM: Finished issue #56 (update password checking)
* DM: Working on issue #39 (implement option for getting a message when room is available)
* RM: Working on issue #75 (favorites bug)
* QA: Working on issue #66 (make favorite button light up)
* QA: Working on issue #72 (make light/dark mode work across pages)


## Meeting on 2/1/2022, 12:00 P.M. - All members present

* TL: Finished issue #41 (figure out how many sensors to use)
* DM: Finished issue #39 (implement option for getting a message when room is available)
* RM: Finished issue #75 (favorites bug)
* QA: Finished issue #66 (make favorite button light up)
* QA: Finished issue #72 (make light/dark mode work across pages)
* TL: Working on issue #81 (make navigation button highlighted)
* DM: Working on issue #55 (attempting to sign in with invalid user gives no feedback)
* RM: Working on issue #94 (fix table formatting on mobile) and #96 (add documentation to code)
* QA: Working on issue #91 (create settings page)


## Meeting on 2/4/2022, 12:00 P.M. - All members present

* RM Finished issue #96 (add documentation to code)
* QA: Finished issue #91 (create settings page)
* TL: Working on issue #81 (make navigation button highlighted)
* DM: Working on issue #55 (attempting to sign in with invalid user gives no feedback)
* RM: Working on issue #94 (fix table formatting on mobile)
* QA: Working on issue #89 (move darkmode toggle to settings page)

## Meeting on 2/8/2022, 12:00 P.M. - All members present

* TL: Working on issue #81 (make navigation button highlighted)
* DM: Working on issue #55 (attempting to sign in with invalid user gives no feedback)
* RM: Working on issue #94 (fix table formatting on mobile)
* QA: Working on issue #89 (move darkmode toggle to settings page)

## Meeting on 2/11/2022, 12:00 P.M. - All members present

* DM: Finished issue #55 (attempting to sign in with invalid user gives no feedback)
* TL: Working on issue #81 (make navigation button highlighted)
* DM: Working on issue #95 (create forgot password option)
* RM: Working on issue #94 (fix table formatting on mobile)
* QA: Working on issue #89 (move darkmode toggle to settings page)

## Meeting on 2/15/2022, 12:00 P.M. - All members present

* QA: Finished issue #89 (move darkmode toggle to settings page)
* TL: Working on issue #81 (make navigation button highlighted)
* DM: Working on issue #95 (create forgot password option)
* RM: Working on issue #94 (fix table formatting on mobile)
* QA: Working on issue #88 (make change password option)

## Meeting on 2/18/2022, 12:00 P.M. - All members present

* TL: Finished issue #68 (fix logout button only working on home page)
* TL: Finished issue #81 (make navigation button highlighted)
* ALL: Planned issues for next sprint
* TL: Working on hardware
* DM: Working on issue #95 (create forgot password option)
* RM: Working on issue #94 (fix table formatting on mobile)
* QA: Working on issue #88 (make change password option)

## Meeting on 2/22/2022, 12:00 P.M. - All members present

* TL: Working on issue #103 (fix page refresh not working on server)
* DM: Working on issue #122 (require email address to be OU email)
* RM: Working on issue #113 (create script that closes rooms)
* QA: Working on issue #125 (confirmation popup when deleting rooms)

## Meeting on 2/25/2022, 12:00 P.M. - All members present

* TL: Finished issue #103 (fix page refresh not working on server)
* DM: Finished issue #122 (require email address to be OU email)
* DM: Finished issue #122 (add coloring to room status)
* RM: Finished issue #120 (make dark mode less dark)
* QA: Finished issue #125 (confirmation popup when deleting rooms)
* TL: Working on issue #112 (look into getting cloudfare ssl)
* DM: Working on issue #102 (make terms and conditions popup)
* RM: Working on issue #113 (create script that closes rooms)
* QA: Working on issue #110 (redirect user to homepage after deleting account)

## Meeting on 3/1/2022, 12:00 P.M. - All members present

* TL: Working on issue #112 (look into getting cloudfare ssl)
* DM: Working on issue #102 (make terms and conditions popup)
* RM: Working on issue #113 (create script that closes rooms)
* QA: Working on issue #110 (redirect user to homepage after deleting account)

## Meeting on 3/4/2022, 12:00 P.M. - All members present

* TL: Working on issue #112 (look into getting cloudfare ssl)
* DM: Working on issue #102 (make terms and conditions popup)
* RM: Working on issue #113 (create script that closes rooms)
* QA: Working on issue #110 (redirect user to homepage after deleting account)

## Meeting on 3/15/2022, 12:00 P.M. - All members present

* TL: Finished issue #112 (look into getting cloudfare ssl)
* DM: Finished issue #102 (make terms and conditions popup)
* QA: Finished issue #110 (redirect user to homepage after deleting account)
* QA: Finished issue #125 (confirmation box for deleting rooms)
* TL: Working on issue #124 (page not reloading when toggling dark mode on chrome)
* DM: Working on issue #98 (connect notification button to messaging)
* RM: Working on issue #113 (create script that closes rooms)
* QA: Working on issue #116 (create unit tests)

## Meeting on 3/18/2022, 12:00 P.M. - All members present

* TL: Working on issue #124 (page not reloading when toggling dark mode on chrome)
* DM: Working on issue #98 (connect notification button to messaging)
* RM: Working on issue #113 (create script that closes rooms)
* QA: Working on issue #116 (create unit tests)

## Meeting on 3/22/2022, 12:00 P.M. - All members present

* TL: Finished issue #124 (page not reloading when toggling dark mode on chrome)
* DM: Partially Finished issue #98 (connect notification button to messaging)
* RM: Didn't complete issue #113 (create script that closes rooms)
* QA: Finished issue #116 (create unit tests)
* TL: Working on issue #132 (fix user being able to go to any page without signing in)
* DM: Working on issue #151 (create expo poster) and issue #153 (signing in with email that doesn't exist gives no feedback)
* RM: Working on issue #149 (support tabbing to navigate table)
* QA: Working on issue #128 (have to be recently signed in to delete account)

## Meeting on 3/22/2022, 12:00 P.M. - All members present

* TL: Finished issue #124 (page not reloading when toggling dark mode on chrome)
* DM: Partially Finished issue #98 (connect notification button to messaging)
* RM: Didn't complete issue #113 (create script that closes rooms)
* QA: Finished issue #116 (create unit tests)
* TL: Working on issue #132 (fix user being able to go to any page without signing in)
* DM: Working on issue #151 (create expo poster) and issue #153 (signing in with email that doesn't exist gives no feedback)
* RM: Working on issue #149 (support tabbing to navigate table)
* QA: Working on issue #128 (have to be recently signed in to delete account)

## Meeting on 3/25/2022, 12:00 P.M. - All members present

* DM: Finished issue #151 (create expo poster)
* RM: Finished issue #138 (change bobcat study tab to favorites tab) and issue #147 (make about page and change password text bigger)
* TL: Working on issue #165 (hide notification button), issue #139 (add admin functionality for editing room), and issue #137 (add admin functionality for    closing room)
* DM: Working on issue #153 (signing in with email that doesn't exist gives no feedback) and issue #111 (require user to provide OU email address when using google signup)
* RM: Working on issue #149 (support tabbing to navigate table)
* QA: Working on issue #128 (have to be recently signed in to delete account)

## Meeting on 3/29/2022, 12:00 P.M. - All members present

* TL: Finished issue #165 (hide notification button), issue #139 (add admin functionality for editing room), and issue #137 (add admin functionality for    closing room)
* DM: Finished issue #153 (signing in with email that doesn't exist gives no feedback) and issue #111 (require user to provide OU email address when using google signup)
* QA: Finished issue #128 (have to be recently signed in to delete account)
* TL: Working on issue #132 (prevent users from going to allrooms page when not signed in)
* DM: Finished all issues for this sprint
* RM: Working on issue #149 (support tabbing to navigate table)
* QA: Working on issue #114 (look into updating firebase rules)

## Meeting on 4/1/2022, 12:00 P.M. - All members present

* TL: Working on issue #132 (prevent users from going to allrooms page when not signed in)
* DM: Finished all issues for this sprint
* RM: Working on issue #149 (support tabbing to navigate table)
* QA: Working on issue #114 (look into updating firebase rules)

## Meeting on 4/5/2022, 12:00 P.M. - All members present

* TL: Finished issue #132 (prevent users from going to allrooms page when not signed in)
* QA: Finished issue #114 (look into updating firebase rules) and issue #175 (make change password look like forgot password)
* TL: Working on issue #180 (crashing when updating room then searching)
* DM: Working on issue #178 (make dropdowns close when clicking on page)
* RM: Working on issue #191 (improve formatting of terms and conditions)
* QA: Working on issue #192 (fix table searching on mobile)
* QA: Working on issue #183 (add info to about page from expo poster)

## Meeting on 4/8/2022, 12:00 P.M. - All members present

* TL: Finished issue #180 (crashing when updating room then searching)
* DM: Finished issue #192 (fix table searching on mobile)
* TL: Working on issue #164 (change button colors)
* DM: Working on issue #178 (make dropdowns close when clicking on page)
* RM: Working on issue #191 (improve formatting of terms and conditions)
* QA: Working on issue #183 (add info to about page from expo poster)

## Meeting on 4/12/2022, 12:00 P.M. - All members present

* DM: Finished issue #189 (require OU email addresses)
* DM: Finished issue #185 (forgot password gives no feedback)
* DM: Finished issue #181 (firefox has colored borders on status cells)
* DM: Finished issue #176 (delete google account confirmation missing text on dark mode)
* TL: Working on issue #164 (change button colors)
* DM: Working on issue #178 (make dropdowns close when clicking on page)
* RM: Working on issue #191 (improve formatting of terms and conditions)
* QA: Working on issue #183 (add info to about page from expo poster)

## Meeting on 4/15/2022, 12:00 P.M. - All members present

* TL: Finished issue #164 (change button colors)
* TL: Working on issue #179 (change edit room / add room to have checkboxes for room info)
* DM: Working on issue #178 (make dropdowns close when clicking on page)
* RM: Working on issue #191 (improve formatting of terms and conditions)
* QA: Working on issue #183 (add info to about page from expo poster)
